README.md, before:

# c64adventures
Adventures into retro 8 bit Commodore 64 programming

The books used in this adventure can be downloaded from [DLH's Commodore Archive][bombjack]

-----------------------------

![Step by Step Programming Commodore 64][book1n2]

-----------------------------

![Commodore 64 Color Graphics - a Beginner's Guide][cgraphicsb]
![Final project][boat]

-----------------------------

![Commodore 64 Color Graphics - an Advanced Guide][cgraphicsa]

-----------------------------

[book1n2]: https://github.com/jacmoe/c64adventures/raw/master/book1n2.jpg "Step by Step Programming Commodore 64"
[cgraphicsb]: https://github.com/jacmoe/c64adventures/raw/master/cgraphicsb.jpg "Commodore 64 Color Graphics - a Beginner's Guide"
[boat]: https://github.com/jacmoe/c64adventures/raw/master/C64ColorGraphics/1beginner/boat.png "Final beginner's project"
[cgraphicsa]: https://github.com/jacmoe/c64adventures/raw/master/cgraphicsa.jpg "Commodore 64 Color Graphics - an Advanced Guide"
[bombjack]: http://www.bombjack.org/commodore/books.htm "DLH's Commodore Archive"

Commit message:

Assembly Programming for Kids - intro

README.md, after:

# c64adventures
Adventures into retro 8 bit Commodore 64 programming

This books used in this adventure:

* Step by Step Programming Commodore 64
* Commodore 64 Color Graphics - a Beginner's Guide
* Commodore 64 Color Graphics - an Advanced Guide
* Assembly Language for Kids - Commodore 64


The books can be obtained from [DLH's Commodore Archive][bombjack]


This adventure is powered by [CBM .prg Studio][cbmstudio] and [WinVICE][winvice]


Since CBM .prg Studio is only available for Windows, I ran Windows 7 in VirtualBox, and it works fine :)


-----------------------------

![Step by Step Programming Commodore 64][book1n2]

-----------------------------

![Commodore 64 Color Graphics - a Beginner's Guide][cgraphicsb]
![Final project][boat]

-----------------------------

![Commodore 64 Color Graphics - an Advanced Guide][cgraphicsa]

-----------------------------

![Assembly Language for Kids][asm4kids]

-----------------------------
[book1n2]: https://github.com/jacmoe/c64adventures/raw/master/book1n2.jpg "Step by Step Programming Commodore 64"
[cgraphicsb]: https://github.com/jacmoe/c64adventures/raw/master/cgraphicsb.jpg "Commodore 64 Color Graphics - a Beginner's Guide"
[asm4kids]: https://github.com/jacmoe/c64adventures/raw/master/asm4kids.jpg "Assembly Language for Kids Commodore 64"
[boat]: https://github.com/jacmoe/c64adventures/raw/master/C64ColorGraphics/1beginner/boat.png "Final beginner's project"
[cgraphicsa]: https://github.com/jacmoe/c64adventures/raw/master/cgraphicsa.jpg "Commodore 64 Color Graphics - an Advanced Guide"
[bombjack]: http://www.bombjack.org/commodore/books.htm "DLH's Commodore Archive"
[cbmstudio]: http://www.ajordison.co.uk/index.html "CBM .prg Studio"
[winvice]: http://vice-emu.sourceforge.net/windows.html "WINVice"
